Updated docs for Consul ECS 0.8.x, architecture, tproxy support (#20473)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/ecs/architecture.mdx

![Diagram that provides an overview of the Consul Architecture on ECS](/img/ecs/consul-on-ecs-architecture-dataplanes.png#light-theme-only)
![Diagram that provides an overview of the Consul Architecture on ECS ](/img/ecs/consul-on-ecs-architecture-dataplanes-dark.png#dark-theme-only)

## Components

Consul starts several components and containers inside the ECS cluster. Using a combination of short-lived and long-lived containers (`mesh-init` and `health-sync` respectively) ensures that any long running containers do not have root access to Consul. Refer to [Startup sequence](#startup-sequence) for details about the order of the startup procedure:
 
### `mesh-init` container

The `mesh-init` container is a short-lived container that performs the following actions:

- Logs into Consul servers
- Communicates directly with Consul server
- Registers proxies and services
- Creates a bootstrap configuration file for Consul dataplane container and stores it in a shared volume
- Invoke the `iptables` SDK to configure traffic redirection rules

### `health-sync` container

> The `mesh-init` container is a long-lived container that performs the following actions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `health-sync` container is a long-lived container that performs the following actions:
```

Deploying Consul to ECS starts the following process to build the architecture:

1. The `mesh-init` container starts and logs into Consul.
1. The `mesh-init` container registers services and proxies with the Consul servers.

> 1. The `mesh-init` container writes the bootstrap configuration for the Consul dataplane process and stores it in a shared volume.

Reviewer: Can we add a line here saying that `mesh-init` configures Consul DNS and modifies traffic redirection rules as well?

> 1. The `mesh-init` container writes the bootstrap configuration for the Consul dataplane process and stores it in a shared volume.

Author: ```suggestion
1. The `mesh-init` container writes the bootstrap configuration for the Consul dataplane process and stores it in a shared volume.
1. The `mesh-init` container configures Consul DNS and modifies traffic redirection rules.
```
